# PetDays

Pet Days is a web and mobile application that centralizes all the needs of a pet owner living in Sri Lanka. Pet Days provide the necessary health care details and help you keep track of all the medication, vaccines, and dietary needs of your pet. Once a user is registered in the system, the user can enter all the information about their pet. After entering the information  the system will provide the user with notifications for the pet’s health needs and according to the daily schedule. The system will also provide the user with information on how the pet grows over time. Pet Days will provide the user with dietary plans which are specifically developed for the breed of pet that the user owns. These diet plans are developed by professional veterinarians. 

Pet Days has a  marketplace that focuses on buying and selling pets and services which relate to pets. These services include training, grooming, walking, and pet daycare. Once a user is registered with a pet, the user can search through the services to find the ideal service for their pet. If a user is looking for a pet to buy, the proposed system’s marketplace will provide a centralized place specifically made for pets to buy them.

The pet care forum provides a platform to interact with the community and resolve your pet needs with the help of other pet lovers. With the pet forum, users can post any question about pets in the forum and other users with experience in the field will have the opportunity to answer the questions. According to the relevance of the answers, other users can upvote or downvote an answer.
